Thanks, Dad.
You're welcome. These are from the bookstall.
Just thank him when he comes
I will definitely thank you very much, little mother.
What mom
I am your future mother
You die for me
Who allowed you to say little mother?
In the future, we will each have our own
I call you sister, you call me little mom
Shameless
Dad, oh uncle, oh
You two have been arguing all the way
I said it was a misunderstanding
What a misunderstanding
I really like your uncle, don't even think about it.
I'm going out for a cigarette
Dad, stop smoking, it's alright, it's alright
Uncle, what kind of cigarettes do you usually like to smoke?
Do you want me to buy it for you?
You call me Zhenzhen
Why don't you two talk?
Oops, you don't need to play those meanings.
Are you serious?
Of course I'm serious.
Do you think I'm joking?
That's my dad!
Isn't that better?
Okay, you sister, you cripple, get out of here